Release 0.8.0 (#1837)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: docs/source/index.rst

.. note::

>     **SQLFluff** is still in an open Beta phase - expect the tool to
>     change significantly over the coming months, and expect potentially
>     non-backward compatible api changes to happen at any point. In
>     particular:

Reviewer: Let's soften this a bit:

```suggestion
    **SQLFluff** is still in an open Beta phase - expect potentially
    non-backward compatible api changes to happen with releases
    (particularly when major or minor version numbers increase).
    Notable changes:
```
